Update node operator docs (#1594)
celo-org/docs: docs/cel2/l2-operator-guide.md

6. Running the migration tool to migrate the L1 datadir and produce the hardfork block
7. Launching the L2 node with the migrated datadir

If a node operator is interested in minimizing downtime during the hardfork,
they can run the migration tool ahead of time to migrate the majority of the
data before the hardfork. The migration tool can be run multiple times as the L1
chain data grows and will continue migrating from where it last left off.
Please note that the node must be stopped before the migration tool is run. 

## Detailed instructions

To simplify running L2 nodes, cLabs has created a
[celo-l2-node-docker-compose](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-l2-node-docker-compose)
repo with all the necessary configuration files and docker compose templates,
which make it easy to pull network configuration files and launch all the
services needed to run an L2 node.

For node operators interested in using Kubernetes, we recommend using
[Kompose](https://kompose.io) to convert the docker compose template to
Kubernetes helm charts.

Prior to the hardfork, node operators must upgrade their existing L1

> nodes to one of the specified releases below. These releases will have a

Reviewer: "one of the specified releases below" sounds like there is a choice. Maybe
```suggestion
nodes to the respective release below. These releases will have a
```

   percentage reaches 100% the node should be synced.
6. At this point you should be able to validate the progression of the node by
   fetching the current block number via the RPC API and seeing that it is
   increasing. (Note that until fully synced the RPC API will return 0 for the
   head block number)

### Full sync

1. Stop your L1 node.
2. Pull the latest version of
   [celo-l2-node-docker-compose](https://github.com/celo-org/celo-l2-node-docker-compose)
   and `cd` into the root of the project.
3. Run `./migrate full <network> <path-to-your-L1-datadir>` where `<network>`
   is one of `alfajores`, `baklava`, or `mainnet`. This will likely take some
   minutes to complete. Note that the migration does not modify the original
   datadir, the migrated data is written to a new directory.
4. Verify that the migration was successful by looking for the `Migration
   successful` message at the end of the output.
5. Run `cp <network>.env .env` where `<network>` is one
   of `alfajores`, `baklava`, or `mainnet`
6. Open `.env` and set `OP_GETH__SYNCMODE=full` and optionally configure any
   setting you may wish to change, such as setting `NODE_TYPE=archive` to
   enable archive mode

> 7. Run `docker-compose up -d --build`

Author: It's optional, but if you don't specify it it goes to a default location that will be picked up by the node without additional configuration.
